Update azure priv fetch (#2012)
coreos/ignition: docs/operator-notes.md

Append `?versionId=<version>` to any of the URL formats to fetch the specified object version.

## Azure Blob access

Ignition supports fetching resources from Azure Blob Storage. The URL format for Azure Blob Storage is `https://<storageAccount>.blob.core.windows.net/<container>/<fileName>`. Ignition will recognize this format and attempt to authenticate using the [default Azure credential](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/azidentity#DefaultAzureCredential) to fetch the resource via the [Azure Blob Storage API](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/storage/azblob#section-readme).

> If no credentials are found, Ignition will fall back to doing a normal HTTP fetch, which may be sufficient if the blob is public. For private blobs, ensure the environment has credentials with the necessary permissions to access the storage account and storage blob. One approach is to configure a managed identity with contributor access to the storage account and assign it to the VM during creation.

Reviewer: I think this needs to be reworked a bit given how the code now works.

Maybe something like

> When Ignition is run in Azure, it will authenticate using the default Azure credential. These credentials are then used to fetch resources from Azure Blob Storage. The URL format ...
>
> If fetching fails, Ignition will fall back to doing a normal HTTP fetch, ...

> If the Azure storage blob is public, the resource can be fetched anonymously by falling back on HTTPFetch. For private storage blobs, the resource can only be fetched if valid credentials are available, if unable to authenticate the file will not be fetched, resulting in a 404 error. To configure the credentials, ensure the environment has credentials with the necessary permissions to access the storage account and storage blob. One approach is to configure a managed identity with contributor access to the storage account and assign it to the VM during creation.

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
If no credentials are found, Ignition will fall back to doing a normal HTTP fetch, which may be sufficient if the blob is public. For private blobs, ensure the environment has credentials with the necessary permissions to access the storage account and storage blob. One approach is to configure a managed identity with contributor access to the storage account and assign it to the VM during creation.
```

Append `?versionId=<version>` to any of the URL formats to fetch the specified object version.

## Azure Blob Access

When Ignition runs on an Azure environment, it attempts to authenticate using the [Azure default credential chain](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/azidentity#DefaultAzureCredential). If authentication is successful, these credentials are utilized to access resources hosted in Azure Blob Storage.

The URL format for accessing Azure Blob Storage is `https://<storageAccount>.blob.core.windows.net/<container>/<fileName>`. Ignition recognizes this pattern and parses it into its components. It then uses the [Azure Blob Storage API](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/storage/azblob#section-readme) to fetch resources.

> When accessing a private azure blob resource, ensure that the credentials assigned to the Azure VM have the necessary permissions. Typically, this means assigning at least a contributor role on the storage account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When accessing a private Azure Blob Storage resource, ensure that the credentials assigned to the Azure VM have the necessary permissions. Typically, this means assigning at least a contributor role on the storage account.
```

> If Ignition is not running on an Azure system or if Azure credentials are unavailable, it can still access public resources hosted on public Azure Blobs anonymously by falling back on HTTP fetch.

Reviewer: Maybe

```suggestion
If Ignition is not running on an Azure system or if Azure credentials are unavailable, it can still access public Azure Blobs by falling back to an anonymous HTTP fetch.
```

to avoid repeating public
